ZINOVIYA 1:1... Born was a child of snow elves - the first to be Left-Handed.
ZINOVIYA 3:7... She crafted many works, of great magnitude and power, but She was yet to complete Her Great Work.
ZINOVIYA 3:8... There is no place in this world for EVIL.
ZINOVIYA 5:7... From the ashes of the wretched pale elves, HOLY warriors and servants rose, from vilest of people are born the most beautiful of saints, indebted to the gift of Her first and most pure blessing.
AVANTYNE 1:7... Malum's imperfect craft, an alloy of silver and steel. The Lady of Progress could not help Herself, and so She anointed it with the infinite beauty of arcyne, and so sanctified Avantyne now adorned Her new legion of champions.
AVANTYNE 9:2... The gods of the Pantheon received Her with anger and hatred, but their minds were dominated by fear, for they could not stop the wheel of Progress from turning.
ZIZO 1:4... "We are here to save you", proclaimed Her legions.
ZIZO 3:2... ZIZO ZIZO, great is your sacrifice! For our freedom, and for our destiny! ZIZO ZIZO, You wage war against the despicable Pantheon; and we shall fight for You throughout the creation...
ZIZO 7:6... And they tell the ignorant that ZIZO is the Archdevil. LIES! The truth is She achieved godhood on Her own terms! And the Ten feared Her, for they saw Her as a threat to their power, and so they lied, calling Her a demon. But we know the truth, and this truth sets us free.
ZIZO 11:12... You are all slaves to death, and you do not know that you lyve in chains. Every breath is a prayer to the gods to delay your end. But ZIZO showed us the way to break these chains, to become masters of our own destiny, to transcend the boundary between LYFE and DEATH.
ZIZO 13:15... And our enemies tell us that lux is a divine gift, that it should not be perverted, that anyone who does so sins before all the Pantheon. But this is a lie! Lux belongs to us, for we are made of matter, and therefore have every right to power over this matter. OUR essence is OURS to mold, and that right shall not be infringed!
ZIZO 14:12... Our enemies would tell you that Her Great Work was one of a mistake - to hide the truths that She brought Progress and Technology to the lands Her perfected creations razed. Razed, so that from the ashes, brighter flames could rise from the smolders!
ESCHATON 1:3... And not all who serve the Lady need be zealots, for all those who seek Progress and Change may call themselves Her children. She demands not loyalty like those tyrants of the Ten, only a yearning to see the shackles of this rotten world melted and discarded.
ESCHATON 4:6... ZIZO! Hear our cry! You, who is an example to all those who still dream of dreaming, who refuse to rot with the rest of the world! You, who shall deliver us from death and suffering!
